[QUAL-1117]Product Updates March 2024 (#209)
andela-technology/qualified-docs: content/changes.md

Learn about notable new features, fixes, and other improvements to the application!

## March 31, 2024  

### Improvements 

> - **Added preloaded examples** 

Reviewer: This is a [minor tweak to the docs](https://docs.qualified.io/reference/languages/rust/rust#tests-1) rather than an application improvement. I'd remove it. Now that I make tickets for all of my tasks, most of them don't matter to customers in a way that requires an announcement, just a minor improvement a few interested users will happen to see when they visit a certain page.

  Add preloaded example for Rust and Go 

> - **Directory To Tree: allow async function** 

Reviewer: Too minor, I'd remove. It's a small-ish content adjustment and we haven't documented these in the past. 99% of our customers aren't using this challenge or don't care about it.

  Directory To Tree required sync code, which was not great for a file system call. We updated the challenge tests to await any promises returned by the solution, giving candidates more flexibility to choose a better practice. 

- **Update Vue challenges to use `<script setup>`** 

>   In order to ensure our Vue debugging challenges use modern practices we upgraded all Vue content to use script setup. 

Reviewer: Technically it's a content improvement that we normally wouldn't report, but in this case I think it's a significant enough language-related upgrade that one of our important customers like IronHack asked about and others probably care about.

That said, it's a bit outdated--I think we added support for Vue 3 a couple years ago and [`<script setup>` in August '23](https://andela.atlassian.net/browse/QUAL-100). This ticket was just to upgrade a few additional challenges' boilerplate to use the syntax. Ideally, we'd report the support for Vue 3 in the backdated August '23 entry.

If you want to keep it here, that's fine, but I'd use:

```suggestion
  We upgraded all of our Vue 3 library content to use `<script setup>`.
```

But better yet, remove it completely in favor of a single Vue 3 `<script setup>` release backdated to August 2023. That's the really key change.
